Nguồn: uet.vnu.edu.vn_en_university-engineering-technology-new-chairman-university-council-new-rector_.txt

Nguyen Dinh Duc has made important contributions to the field of Engineering and Technology of Vietnam National University and ranked 386th worldwide in the QS rankings in 2022. Some details about the career history of Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Rector of University of Technology
Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh has worked for 24 years at the University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University. Before assuming the position of Rector of the University of Engineering Technology, he has experienced various positions such as lecturer, Vice Dean of Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications, University of Engineering Technology; Head of Electronics and Telecommunications Practice Room, Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications, University of Engineering and Technology; Deputy Party Secretary, Vice Dean, then Head of Department of Microelectronics and Microsystems, Secretary, Dean of Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications, University of Engineering and Technology; Vice Rector of University of Engineering and Technology. During his work, the new Rector of the University of Technology, Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh has received many achievements and awards from Ministries, Departments, Central Authorities and Vietnam National University. Some pictures at the ceremony
President of Vietnam National University congratulating Prof. DsC. Nguyen Dinh Duc
President of Vietnam National University congratulating Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh
Directors of the functional units of University of Engineering and Technology congratulating Prof. DsC. Nguyen Dinh Duc and Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh
Vice Rector, Dr. Nguyen Thu Huong congratulating Prof. DsC. Nguyen Dinh Duc
Vice Rector, Dr. Nguyen Thu Huong congratulating Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh
By admin
|
News & Events
|
4855 Views
admin
Previous
Appointment of Prof. Dr. Sci. Nguyen Dinh Duc as Chairman of the University Council of University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University-Hanoi
Next
Samsung, Vietnam National University link up on semiconductor training
Related posts
Professor Nguyen Dinh Duc Honored at the 2024 Bao Son Award for Outstanding Contributions to Science and Practical Applications in Vietnam
Professor Nguyen Dinh Duc: A Distinguished Scientist, a Devoted Teacher, and a Mentor Who Nurtures the Talents of Future Generations
International Collegiate Programming Contest (ICPC) 2024: UET Contributes to Vietnam’s Mark in the Global Information Technology Sector
Professor Nguyen Dinh Duc joined the editorial board of a prestigious international journal
Professor Nguyen Dinh Duc – the aspiring educator who led the Vietnamese emerging generation to the global scientific world
University of Engineering and Technology has a new Chairman of the University Council and a new Rector
On May 17, 2023, at Hoa Lac, President of Vietnam National University Le Quan, issued a Decision to appoint Prof. DsC. Nguyen Dinh Duc as the Chairman of the University Council and to recognize Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh as the Rector of the University of Engineering and Technology. President of Vietnam National University signed Decision No. 1702/QD-DHQGHN to appoint Mr. Nguyen Dinh Duc, Member of the Party Committee of Vietnam National University Hanoi, Director of the Academic Affairs Department, Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, and Member of the University of Engineering and Technology Council, as the Chairman of the University Council for the term 2022-2027.