VNU University of Science(VNU-HUS;Vietnamese:Trường Đại học Khoa học Tự nhiên, Đại học Quốc gia Hà Nội) orHanoi University of Science, is a member ofVietnam National University, Hanoi. Founded in 1906 as Indochina University, the university has changed its name three times: School of Basic Science (1951), University of Hanoi (1956), VNU University of Science (1993). Since the last name change, VNU University of Science is a member ofVietnam National University, Hanoi.

History
Hanoi University was established on June 4, 1956 byprime minisiter Pham Van Dong. Initially, it had specialized faculties focused on math, physics, chemistry, literature, and history.
In 1993, Hanoi National University was established byprime minister Võ Văn Kiệtto merge three universities: Hanoi University, Hanoi University of Pedagogy and the Internal and University of Foreign Language Education.
In September 1995, the University of Natural Sciences was merged into VNU.
In 1999, faculty in a number of technological departments were separated from University of Science and Technology to reorganize into Faculty of Technology Online VNU. The Research Center for Applied Microbiology and Research Center for Edible Mushrooms was moved into a Biotechnology Center under VNU.
The school has three campuses in Hanoi capital, with the main campus located at 334 Nguyen Trai, Thanh Xuan, Hanoi. Two other campuses are located 19 Le Thanh Tong, Hoan Kiem, Hanoi and 182 Luong The Vinh, Thanh Xuan, Hanoi. The 19 Le Thanh Tong campus is the basis of the University of Indochina established in 1906, a valuable architectural heritage site designed by famous French architect Ernest Hébrard, built during theFrench Indochina periodin neoclassical French architectural style.
The university has 100 laboratories (laboratories) and computer labs for teaching, learning and scientific research. In which, there are 85 laboratories, one national key laboratory, five key laboratories at VNU and four groups: Basic Practice Laboratory, Thematic Laboratory, Target Laboratory and Key Laboratory.
- http://hus.vnu.edu.vn/hus/en/main/greetings-0