UET’s outstanding events and achievements in 2019
VNU University of Engineering and Technology celebrated the 15th anniversary of its establishment, 20 years of traditions, marking a remarkable development in terms of scale and quality of training activities, scientific research and organizational structure
At the meeting to celebrate the 15th anniversary of establishment, 20 years of tradition and to welcome the Vietnam Teachers’ Day, Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha, Assoc. Prof.Dr. Chu Duc Trinh and Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai sends fresh bouquets of flowers and best wishes to senior teachers and former leaders of VNU-UET
2.
Launching the Faculty of Agricultural Technology (FAT) and the
training program of Agricultural Technology was opened and began recruiting students in 2019
The launch ceremony of the Faculty of Agricultural Technology (FAT) was held in the afternoon of March 25, 2019. FAT is a unit of training, scientific research and technology transfer under the VNU University of Engineering and Technology
3. The Prime Minister appointed Vice Rector Pham Bao Son as Vice President of Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU). VNU President reappointed Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha holds the position of Rector of the
VNU University of Engineering and Technology
for the term 2019-2024.
Vice Minister of Ministry of Home Affairs Nguyen Trong Thua attended and presented the Decision No. 698 / QD-TTg of the Prime Minister to the new VNU Vice President Pham Bao Son at the ceremony to announce the Decision of the Prime Minister appointing Assoc. Prof. Dr. Pham Bao Son, Vice Rector of VNU University of Engineering and Technology, held the position of Vice President of VNU on the morning of July 4, 2019.
To well-implement the work of enrollment and the development roadmap of training programs and majors according to planning and ensure the quality of training:
(1) The scale of undergraduate enrollment continues to increase, surpassing the threshold of 1500 students / year with good input quality;
(2) Develop 02 new high-quality training programs under Circular 23 (including Training Program of Information System, Mechatronics Technology), bringing the total number of high-quality training programs under Circular 23 to 4 majors with a scale of more than 1,000 students, and new undergraduate programs including Agricultural Technology, Control and Automation Technology;
(3) The employment rate of students after one year of graduation still remains the highest among the technical universities: According to the K58 survey, the employment rate of students after one year of graduation is 96% and relatively equal in the fields of training. Students working in the private sector (47%) and foreign joint ventures (36%) account for a higher proportion than the state sector. This shows that the brand and quality of training of the VNU-UET are trusted by domestic and international society and companies;
(4) The AUN-QA (ASEAN University Network-Quality Assurance) assessment has commenced for the Bachelor of Mechatronics Technical Technology training programs,
operated by the Faculty of Mathematics, Mechanics and Informatics at VNU-UET in November / 2019.
On November 2019, the Bachelor of Mechatronics Technical Technology training programs, operated by the Faculty of Mathematics, Mechanics and Informatics at VNU-UET was accredited by AUN-QA and officially reached the AUN-QA quality standard.
Innovating teaching activities is a key task of VNU in general and VNU-UET in particular. In 2019, VNU-UET has developed a Teaching Innovation Plan for the period of 2019-2025 and has implemented many innovative activities in the field of training including enrollment, training programs, teaching and learning activities, and learning materials…
Students have done online exercises of the basic coding modules, papers were automatically graded, thereby helping to enhance the ability of self-study, increasing regular assessment with students. The other modules in this group have video lectures and equipment modules to help students practise better.Regarding Basic Informatics Module 1, the VNU-UET has built an online learning module on the basis of the subject website. For the coding team led by the Faculty of Information Technology (Basic IT 4, Advanced Programming), last year there were 800 K62 students using the software on website: http://uetcodehub.com with the number of visits is about 90,000/ each semester, the number of exams per semester is about 300,000, an average of 2 exercises per student per day. Regarding the 4th Basic Informatics course, students do about 200 exercises on the system.Most of the modules in the training program are taught in the traditional way with the support of technology such as the subject website, equipments, laboratories, etc.
Teachers and students are initially interested in the subject website and a new educational method – blended learning which combines traditional classroom and online learning, such as group of coding subjects of FIT.Besides, the VNU-UET uses DoIt software to support learners to check and complete thesis, dissertation and thesis; source code copy-protection software is used in programming subjects.
The capacity for scientific research and technology transfer continues to be confirmed:
(1) attracted many research projects with a total budget of VND 63 billion; (2) published 243 articles including 80 articles in the ISI and SCOPUS; (3) Intellectual property activity has developed strongly: there are 3 patents and 12 intellectual property registration applications accepted; (4) Policies to support international publication, intellectual property registration and laboratory development continue to be effectively implemented; (5) Many science and technology products are transferred and well-received.
The system of optimizing to make the operation shift schedule by ORLab (Faculty of Inforrmation Technology) was officially accepted by Son La Hydroelectric Company and implemented successfully at Son La and Lai Chau hydroelectric plants.
The Vietnam Digital Map Data Platform (VMap) and Humanitarian Information System – iNhandao “in the framework of the Government Scheme” Developing Vietnamese Digital Knowledge System ” which were implemented by the research team of Center of Multidisciplinary Integrated Technologies for Field Monitoring and Faculty of Information Technology, put officially into testing.
Commercialized product of Mobile Marine Satellite Antenna System in Vietnam implemented by Prof. Nguyen Huu Duc – Director of VNU Key Laboratory for Micro-Nano Technology, the project’s leader and some VNU-UET’s scientists.
The project “Water Systems with Industry 4.0 Technology Implementation to Enable Sustainable Communities in Red River Delta and Phu Yen ” by a mixed research team between the University of Technology, Sydney and the VNU University of Engineering and Technology has been awarded AUD $1 million by the Federal Government’s new Aus4Innovation program to improve water systems in the Red River Delta and Phu Yen.
– Patent “Method of encoding and decoding distributed video” by Dr. Dinh Trieu Duong and his partners (FET); “Deep sea wave energy conversion device” by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Dang The Ba; “The inter-frame coding process supports the repeated image block identification, reduces the size of the post-encoded bit sequence and eliminates the effect of quantum error for the repeat image block” – Assoc. Prof. Dr. Tran Xuan Tu and his partners.
The VNU-UET strengthens and promotes creative start-ups among students with the following activities:
The VNU-UET has launched the contest ” Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Vietnam National University, Hanoi” and the program of Startup Supporting Project (Code: 844.04.NV06.ĐHCN.04-19) of the Ministry of Science and Technology. Thereby, VNU-UET organized a series of seminars on entrepreneurship orientation with the purpose of providing an overview of the current technology trends and situation for students in the fields of Information Technology, Electronics and Telecommunication, Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology , Engineering Mechatronics and Automation. From there, students have a new perspective on entrepreneurship, inspiring them to build innovative and viable startup ideas. In addition, the program is also a bridge between students who have the idea of ​​ entrepreneurship together, with businesses through meetings at the seminar. From there, students have the opportunity to receive training and improve their knowledge related to entrepreneurship to successfully raise capital.
Students received gifts at the launching ceremony of the contest ” Innovation and Entrepreneurship at Vietnam National University, Hanoi” and the program of Startup Supporting Project (Code: 844.04.NV06.ĐHCN.04-19) on September 5th, 2019
The series of events “Innovation Day 2019” launched the movement of student’s scientific research held on November 20, 2019.
Actively propagating and encouraging students to participate in competitions in the field of start-up and intellectual property such as the contest “Creative ideas”, gameshow “Copyright and Creativity” …
The inter-club model of “Connecting businesses, researching and developing products, starting a business” by Youth Union and Student Union of VNU-UET is the only model in the Northern to be awarded the 9/1 Prize.
The Youth Union and the Student Union of the VNU-UET set up a inter-club model of “Connecting businesses, researching and developing products, starting a business” by Youth Union and Student Union of VNU-UET is the only model in the Northern to be awarded the 9/1 Award at the 3th Expansion Central Executive Committee Conference of the Vietnam Students’ Association. The model was formed by three clubs: Human Resource Club (HRTech), Electronics and Automation Club (UETX) and the Science Research and Startup Support Club (LoM) under the direction of the Students’ Union.
Many
individuals and teams of VNU-UET honoured
(1)
The VNU-UET got the title of Excellent Labor Team and was awarded a certificate of merit by VNU President; Faculty of Engineering Mechatronics and Automation and Department of Science, Technology and International Relations were awarded the flag of VNU’s leading unit of emulation;
VNU Vice-President Nguyen Hoang Hai (outmost, left) and VNU Vice-President Pham Bao Son (far right, right) presented the Emulation Flag and Certificate of Merit of the Ministry of Education and Training to the VNU-UET at the Conference of officials and employees to review the 2018-2019 school year on July 5th 2019.
(2) 02 teachers were recognized to be qualified for the title of Professor (Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication and Prof. Dr. Hoang Nam Nhat – Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology ), 02 teachers were recognized to achieve the title of Associate Professor (Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nguyen Hoai Son – Faculty of Information Technology and Assoc. Prof. Dr. Bui Thanh Tung – Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication); TS Hoang Van Xiem won The Golden Globe Youth Award on Science and Technology and Student Vu Huong Giang (K62ĐB, Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications) won the title of Outstanding Female Student in the field of Science and Technology in 2019 by the  Central Committee of the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union, Ministry of Science and Technology jointly awarded;
In 2019, the State Council for Professorship issued Decision No. 68 / QD-HDGSNN on recognizing teachers who hold the title of Professor and Associate Professor, of which the VNU-UET is honored to have two new Professors and two new Associate Professors: Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication and Prof. Dr. Hoang Nam Nhat – Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology , Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nguyen Hoai Son – Faculty of Information Technology and Assoc. Prof. Dr. Bui Thanh Tung – Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication.
(3) The VNU-UET continues to have a team to attend the final round of the ACM / ICPC exam; won high prizes in the ASEAN Information Security Contest (second prize), IEEE SEACAS Hackathon (first prize), Code War nationwide (championship); achieved 02 experimental second prizes, 03 multiple choice second prizes, 1 third prize for exercises and 01 exercise encouragement prize for the XXII National Physics Olympiad Contest; get 01 First Prize, 3 Second Prize and 4 Third Prize at the 27
th
National  Mathematical Olympiad Contest in 2019.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
3909 Views