The 13th International Conference on Application of  Information Technology in Agriculture Asian-Pacific region
We are pleased to announce the 13th Asian-Pacific Federation for Information Technology in Agriculture 2022 (APFITA 2022), to be held on 24-26 November 2022, at the University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU-UET).
The APFITA 2022 with the theme
“Application of smart technology for achieving sustainable agriculture”
aims to bring together researchers, practitioners, agencies, and industry partners through scientific presentations and business matching. Besides that, the conference organizes the session on discussion and recommendations on science and technology policies in sustainable agricultural development. The conference is also the platform to exhibit new advances and research results in the fields of agricultural technology. In 2022, INFITA (the International Network for IT in Agriculture, Food and the Environment) board decided to organize the World Congress on Computer in Agriculture (WCCA) in conjunction with APFITA 2022 in Hanoi, Vietnam.
The conference organizing committee would like to announce and welcome the scientists, researchers in agricultural science and technology and related fields, and Ph.D. students to submit papers and attend the conference. It would be much appreciated if you could circulate this announcement to members of your university institution/ colleagues/ researchers/ students/ who may find it interesting. The information will be updated on the following website
https://apfita.fimo.edu.vn
Conference Venue:
The University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU-UET), Hanoi, Vietnam, 144 Xuan Thuy, Cau Giay, Hanoi
Important dates:
July 15, 2022:
Deadline for Abstract Submission
August 15, 2022:
Deadline for the Full-text Paper Submission
November 24-26, 2022:
Conference
Please refer to the attached invitation letter and an official announcement in this email for more details or visit our website
https://apfita.fimo.edu.vn
. Any questions, please feel free to contact us at
Apfita2022@vnu.edu.vn
Thank you for your kind cooperation and best regards!
Conference Program Committee.
By admin
|
News & Events
|
7138 Views