Signing ceremony between University of Engineering and Technology and Aizu University, Japan
On September 11, University of Engineering and Technology – VNU and Aizu University, Japan signed a cooperation agreement in training, research and development at building E3.
Participating in the signing ceremony for the COLTECH is Dr. Assoc. Nguyen Viet Ha – Rector; Assoc. Prof. Dr. Tran Xuan Tu – Head of Science, Technology, Science and Technology (DST) together with leaders of faculties and functional departments of UET school. Aizu University is attended by Prof. Ryuichi Oka – Principal, Prof. Toshiaki Miyazaki – Dean of Faculty of Computer Science and Technology, Prof. Ben Abdallah Abderazek – Head of Computer Engineering.
The scene of the signing ceremony
Representative of Aizu University attended the signing ceremony
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Rector Nguyen Viet Ha said that Aizu University is a cooperative partner of the school in the field of training and research. In 2012, the University signed a Memorandum Of Understanding (MOU) on scientific research, academic exchange, curriculum development and by 2017, through the cooperation process, the two universities have cooperated activities such as the exchange of lecturers, researchers, the formation of joint research groups, jointly organized together international scientific conferences and sharing advanced university management experience … Up to now, the UET have had two students in the field of information technology and electronics and telecommunications after two years in Vietnam were transferred to study for two years at Aizu University and received their diploma in Japan. We hope that the cooperation between Aizu University and the UET in particular and VNU in general will open new opportunities to encourage faculty members and scientists to actively participate in research activities, even the establishment of a collaborative laboratory, to contribute to the development of higher education and technology.
The signing ceremony took place successfully
The University of Aizu (http://www.u-aizu.ac.jp/en/) is located in Aizu-Wakamatsu city (central Japan), a public university established in 1993. The University Aizu is the only university in Japan specializing in computer science, with approximately 1,300 students enrolled in undergraduate and graduate programs. The university has a policy of “advancing knowledge for the progress of mankind” and carrying out important research in computer science.Aizu University has a strong internationalization rate with 40% of its faculty coming from overseas, including countries like Vietnam, India, Korea, Canada, the United States, Russia and China. In addition to enrolling in English courses throughout the undergraduate program, students may also take computer science courses taught in English. The thesis is also written in English.In 2014, Aizu University was among the two schools (out of 86 public schools) in Japan selected to implement the government’s educational globalization program. In this role, Aizu University conducts computer science research in cooperation with foreign universities such as Shanghai University – China and Saint Petersburg State University – Russia. The university has research relations with many overseas universities and has international staffs.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
4531 Views