The Opening Ceremony of VNU-KEY Laboratory for Smart Integrated Systems
On 22nd December 2016, VNU-UET celebrates the opening ceremony of VNU-KEY LABORATORY FOR SMART INTEGRATED SYSTEMS (SIS Lab).
The representative from VNU is Prof. Dr. Nguyen Kim Son, President. The representatives from VNU-UET are Prof. Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha, Rector and other members of Board of Rectorate, leaders of Divisions, Faculties and Centers. Other distinguished guests who attend the ceremony are Prof. Amara Amara, Vice-President of IEEE Circuits and Systems, Vice-Rector of ISEP, France; Prof. Yoshijumi Nishio Tokushima, IEEE Circuits and Systems; Mr. Trinh Thanh Lam, Director of Synopsys Vietnam and leader of FPT Group, leader of HBI, HTTP, leader of Dolphin-IC, leader of VNPT Technology.
The objective of SIS Laboratory is to foster training, research and technology transfer activities at VNU-UET. The Laboratory researches focus on chip design, embedded system, signal processing, image processing, and knowledge technology and information security.
At the ceremony, President Nguyen Kim Son acknowledges that there are many new activities in training and research at VNU-UET. Regarding training, VNU-UET has new undergraduate and graduate programs. Regarding science and technology, some research achievements are recognized by many domestic and international researchers. The set-up of VNU Key laboratory from existing laboratories shows the decision and vision of VNU. VNU expects that the laboratories have new inventions and research achievements.
At the ceremony, Rector Nguyen Viet Ha expresses his willingness that VNU-UET has 02 among 07 VNU Key laboratories. VNU-UET always tries to be Research University, to develop technological products and to integrate between high quality research and training. In the coming time, VNU-UET will create favorable conditions for the Laboratory in taking her interdisciplinary research advantages and in getting more specific technological products.
SIS Laboratory is the target laboratory of VNU-UET and was established in August, 2006. The Laboratory consists of VLSI/ASIC Systems Design and 04 satellite laboratories for Signal Processing; Smart transmission Network and System; Knowledge Technology and Data Security; Embedded System. In 2015, the product VENGME H.264/AVC of the Laboratory won the Silver medal of Nhân Tài Đất Việt (Talented Persons of Vietnam). In 2016, the leaders and staffs of the Laboratory are conferred the Science and Technology Award by VNU’s President for the period 2011-2015.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
SIS Lab
4544 Views