VNU-UET welcomed and worked with DAAD Office in Hanoi
On the morning of September 30, 2020, VNU University of Engineering and Technology
welcomed and worked with Mr. Stefan Hase-Bergen –
Head of Representative Office of German Academic Exchange Agency – DAAD in Hanoi.
Workshop to introduce scholarships for learners, lecturers and staff of DAAD
Attending at the reception, on the side of the VNU-UET, there was also
Prof.Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice-Rector, Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyen Hoai Son – Deputy Head, Department of Science, Technology and International Relations and some representatives from faculties and departments. On the DAAD side, there were also Ms. Nguyen Thi Kim Nhung – Officer of the Scholarship Department, DAAD Representative Office in Hanoi.
At the meeting, the two sides exchanged and discussed sponsorship programs, scholarships and support to connect VNU-UET with German universities and research institutes and focused on faculty and students exchange programs; program to support German professors and experts to teach at the VNU-UET. Prof.Dr. Chu Duc Trinh emphasized the VNU-UET’s expectation in international student exchange cooperation between VNU-UET and universities in Germany.
Mr. Stefan Hase-Bergen, Head of DAAD in Hanoi introduce scholarships
After the meeting with the Vice President of the VNU-UET, the DAAD representative had a consultation session on German learning opportunities and scholarships for lecturers and students of VNU-UET, especially scholarship programs for fellows.
Thanks to the welcome from the University, Stefan Hase-Bergen said the DAAD was very pleased to visit the VNU-UET and wished to disseminate useful scholarship information to students and staffs. Mr. Stefan Hase-Bergen hoped the scholarship presentation would receive the attention and cooperation from the VNU-UET.
The discussion took place excitingly because of the special attention of staff and lecturers for study abroad programs in Germany. Many questions about studying, working and living in Germany have been answered thoroughly by the DAAD Representative.
The program was successfully organized and received high praise from the staff and lecturers. Former student Ngo Minh Hoang has just graduated from Computer Science major (Faculty of Information Technology) and is currently a perspective official at the faculty shared: immediately after graduating from university, I want to follow the science research path, so you are looking for scholarships and opportunities that are right for you. Scholarship seminars organized by the University provided important and useful information about scholarships and studying abroad in Germany. Based on this information, I can orientate about studying abroad in the future.
VNU-UET staff and lecturers were interested in learning about DAAD scholarships
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
DAAD
3942 Views