H.E. PRIME MINISTER NGUYEN XUAN PHUC: VIETNAM NATIONAL UNIVERSITY, HANOI SHOULD BE A PIONEER IN THE BUILDING OF A START-UP NATION
On Oct.16, 2016, PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc visited and met with leaders of VNU, Hanoi.
Members of delegation led by PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc in the meeting are H.E. Phung Xuan Nha, member of Communist Party Central Executive Committee, Minister of Education and Training; H.E. Chu Ngoc Anh, member of Communist Party Central Executive Committee, Minister of Science and Technology; Mr. Vu Tien Loc, President of VCCI; Mr. Nguyen Van Tung, Deputy Head of Office of the Government and other representatives from Office of the Government and from relevant ministries.
Representatives of VNU, Hanoi are Mr. Nguyen Kim Son, Chief of VNU Communist Party Committee, President of VNU, Hanoi; other members of VNU Board of Presidents, permanent members of VNU Communist Party Committee, President of VNU Council for Science and Academics, President of VNU Council for Quality Assurance; Rector of member University, Head of VNU Office and Directors of VNU Functional Departments.
At the meeting, VNU President Nguyen Kim Son reported to the Prime Minister on VNU’s current operations and proposed some recommendations.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc visisted 25 booths of VNU’s selected scientific and technological products. Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc also expressed his interest into 05 VNU-UET’s booths with 20 products that show VNU-UET’s innovation and technology transfer.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc highly praised VNU for its efforts in pioneering training, accreditation, scientific research with highly applicable products and for VNU’s international publication increase.
In the past period, VNU, Hanoi proved its role as the leading education institution in Vietnam. The Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc requested the university to promote the implementation of Resolution No. 29-NQ/TW on fundamental and comprehensive innovation in education.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc approved the two national universities’ proposal of building and implementing a project of national and international scientific human resource attraction through graduate training and high quality research. In the coming times, the two national universities need to complete the project and submit to relevant competent authorities.
Regarding the investment acceleration for VNU’s campus in Hoa Lac, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc considered the project important for VNU, Hanoi, as a university city, which is the national image. The Government would take measures to increase investment sources for building key projects. VNU, Hanoi should submit the proposal to get ODA grants for the key and urgent projects.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc also agreed to VNU’s proposal of developing Vietnam – Japan University (VNU VJU) in an exclusive manner. Moreover, VNU VJU needs supports in mechanism and budget in the initial stage according to the successfully piloted excellent university model.
The Prime Minister emphasized that VNU needed to align its development direction with the country’s goal of building a start-up nation, be part of the national start-up ecosystem as well as pioneer a start-up nation building. For this direction, the Prime Minister asked VNU’s leaders, scientists and lecturers to contribute actively to the building of a start-up nation.
Regarding VNU’s vision 2030, the Prime Minister asked VNU, Hanoi to have more concrete targets to link more closely research with practice, set up and operate successfully start-ups.
Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said that to get Asia level in basic research and high technology, VNU, Hanoi should have ideas and research projects ahead of technological and socio-economic trends in Asia and the world.
The Prime Minister asked VNU, Hanoi to sthengthen the cooperation with enterprises and other higher education institutions for expanding social resources to meet the society’s demands and keep up with the start-up spirit.
Later the same day, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc attended a ceremony for launching a youth start-up program which was hosted by the Ho Chi Minh Communist Youth Union’s Central Committee in collaboration with VNU Youth and Students Union.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
Start-up
5923 Views