Meeting and saying goodbye to Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan – Retired Senior Lecturer at the Faculty of Information Technology and enjoy the Social Insurance regime
On December 23, 2021, the University University of Engineering Technology (UET) – Vietnam National University held an intimate meeting to say goodbye to Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan – Senior Lecturer, Faculty of Information Technology; Former Deputy Head of Department and Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet – Senior Lecturer, Faculty of Information Technology; Former Head of Personnel and Student Affairs Department; Former Head of the Inspection Committee, cum Head of the Embedded Systems Laboratory at University of Engineering Technology, retired to enjoy the Social Insurance regime after nearly 50 years of working.
At the intimate and warm meeting, there were the attendance of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha – Rector of the University, Professor – Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice-Rector, Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai – Vice-Rector Chairman, Associate Professor – Dr. Trinh Anh Vu- President of the University’s Trade Union and representatives of leaders, officials of units, colleagues of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Coach.
At the beginning of the meeting, Dr. Bui Ngoc Thang – Head of Organization and Personnel Department shared about the working process of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan.
Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet for 44 years studying and working at Hanoi General University (now Vietnam National University), University of Natural Sciences, former Faculty of Technology and Today is the University of Engineering Technology. During his work, Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet has held many different management positions such as Head of the Department of Personnel and Student Affairs (term 2004-2008) and Head of the Inspection Committee. cum Head of Embedded Systems Laboratory (term 2010-2016 and term 2016-2021).
Associate Professor – Doctor Hoang Xuan Huan for 49 years devoted to the revolutionary cause and worked at units D177, E236, F361 rocket, Hanoi General University (now Vietnam National University) ), the University of Natural Sciences, the Faculty of Technology before and today the University of Engineering Technology. During his work, Mr. Hoang Xuan Huan always successfully completed the assigned tasks.
After nearly 50 years of working in the revolutionary cause in general and the education sector in particular, the two teachers have achieved many proud achievements. Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan have repeatedly won the title of grassroots emulation warriors, especially in the academic year 2020-2021, both of them received the Certificate of Merit of the Director of National University. Gia Hanoi for excellent achievements in the school year. These contributions have contributed significantly to the overall achievement and development of the University of Engineering Technology.
Speaking at the meeting, Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha sent health wishes and thanked for the contribution and dedication of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan. Coaching for all activities and development of Hanoi University, Vietnam National University in general as well as the University of Engineering Technology in particular during their working process. Hoang Xuan Huan is a dedicated teacher who has led generations of students to build and develop many research groups. With many management positions since the early days of the Faculty of Technology, Mr. Nguyen Dinh Viet is one of the teachers who laid the first foundation for the activities of the University of Engineering Technology today.
Based on his experience working in the education industry, Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha still hopes that the teachers will continue to support and collaborate with the University in the coming time.
At the meeting, stories about the dear colleagues and teachers as well as the great contributions and dedications of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan in the meeting. The cause of revolution, education, and human cultivation were shared by colleagues, friends and students during the two teachers’ work. Through the stories, people want to convey are affection, gratitude for guiding generations of students, devotion, diligence, enthusiasm in the process of working, an example of self-study spirit, seriousness in teaching and academic activities.
In gratitude for the contributions of Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan, representatives of the units had fresh flower bouquets and meaningful gifts at the farewell ceremony.
Responding to the warm feelings of colleagues, Associate Professor – Dr. Nguyen Dinh Viet and Associate Professor – Dr. Hoang Xuan Huan expressed their deep thanks for the attention of the University’s leaders. , mass organizations and wish all Leaders, officials and lecturers always healthy and develop the University of Engineering Technology worthy of society’s expectations.
By admin
|
News & Events
|
4228 Views