Information Technology in high quality
1. General objective
1.1. About knowledge
Student will be equipped with basic and advanced knowledge about Information Technology. This knowledge is advanced and some of them reach the general level of regional and international. Equipped with modern, in-depth knowledge of standardized training, allowing graduates to quickly meet the needs of the information society’s performance as well as further education, research, development and information technology. Fostering creative ability, ability to use foreign languages ​​to communicate with professional colleagues or other common social problems.
1.2. About skills
Highly practical skills training in most areas of IT, mastering and proficiency in analysis, design, construction, installation, maintenance, development and management of systems, program, project. Equiping teamwork skills and communication skills as well as be proficient in foreign languages ​​for study and research and to quickly integrate into the regional and international information technology community after graduation.
1.3. About the attitude
Foster good political qualities, be disciplined, work scientifically, be serious, have a professional ethics of information protection, have the spirit of working in groups, forging to practice discipline and ability to communicate, have a sense of learning, improve the ability to integrate into the general level of information technology in the region and the world.
2. Specific objectives for each training orientation
2.1. Oriented Software Engineering
Basic knowledge of software engineering: process of building, managing and maintaining software system; Analysis, design and management of software projects; The ability to organize and manage the work in the field of software engineering, to model and apply the principles of software technology into practice; The ability to research, propose directions for software development.
2.2. Information System Orientation
Provide basic and in-depth knowledge of the Information System, meeting the requirements of research and development and application of information technology of the society; the ability to advise, consult and develop high-level information systems for economic, administrative and service management.
2.3. Networking and computer communications
Provide basic and in-depth knowledge of the network and computer communications, meeting the requirements of research and application in the field of computer networking and communication; The ability to design, manufacture, maintain, manufacture, test, manage network and computer systems; The ability to continue research and development of technology in the field of computer networking and communications.
2.4. Computer Science and Service Orientation
Provides basic and in-depth knowledge of computer and information technology services, responds to analytical issues, builds platform solutions for IT services and technology-based services information in practice; The ability to organize and manage the work in the field of computer and IT services, to model and apply the principles of IT Services into practice; The ability to continue research and develop models related to IT services.
View detailed training curriculum at:
3538.qd_CTĐT-Đại-học-2015_CNTT-CLC
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
4680 Views