A journey to start a business with green development
Aspei Student Group led by Dr. Bui Dinh Tu, lecturer of the Department of Physics and Nanotechnology, won the first prize and received an investment of one billion VND, at the contest “Startup city initiative STARTUPCITY ROADSHOW 2018” – organized by the Hanoi Youth Union on March 25.
This year, the contest has 08 excellent teams with young and dynamic creativity from Foreign Trade University,
Hanoi University of Science and Technology
, Banking Academy, National Economics University, Hanoi Industrial University. In particular, COLTECH has two groups of students with the idea of ​​starting the contest is “Smart Agriculture” and “Equipment and technology of handling animal carcasses environmentally friendly”.
Overcoming 8 ideas at the competition, the idea of ​​”Aspei students and environmentally-friendly animal carving technology” was highly praised by enterprises and won the first prize. After the award, team leader Le Cong Chinh shared, the purpose of the group is to look forward to rubbing, learn from experience and introduce new technology friendly to the environment. After the joyful when the organizers announced the results, the team members are very surprised. Through this, the group would also like to thank Mr. Bui Dinh Tu – the teacher who led the team to help to complete this project.
When it comes to future product development plans, Chinh shared that the team wants to put this technology into practice, completely transforming the old, costly and environmentally-responsible waste processing technology. He wants to develop and complete new projects of the group to bring technology closer to the people.
Previously, in afternoon 21/3, UET in collaboration with Youth Union – Students Association of Hanoi organized the contest “Startup city initiative STARTUPCITY ROADSHOW 2018 – VNU”. At the competition, 04 teams of UET have presented successive ideas for starting a business, including Easy Law – Accessibility Assistance System; Environmentally friendly animal handling equipment and technology; Lively – Student Health Care System; To study and produce modules and equipment for monitoring and controlling environmental parameters for agricultural production. Two groups of students, Le Cong Chinh and Tran Duc Huy, with the idea of ​​”Animal Carving Technology” – “Smart Agriculture” were selected to participate in the final round of the competition.
The idea of “environmentally friendly animal care equipment and technology” was recognized by the Aspei student group through the fact that after the epidemic the number of animal carcasses was huge, but the process for handling carcasses are now too complex. On the other hand, the process leaves huge environmental consequences. Thus, under the guidance of the teachers, the group has begun to develop new cyanide treatment technologies. Based on the criteria set by the group “Technology for Life”, the team built this technology with a human-oriented goal, with a fully automatic, closed autocorrelation process and minimal impact to the environment as well as human health.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
4056 Views