On November 26, 2021, representing Vietnam to participate in the Cyber ​​SEA Game 2021 information security contest, the Pawsitive team of The VNU University of Engineering and Technology excellently won the runner-up position. Cyber ​​SEA Game is a competition on cyber security skills in the ASEAN region with the cooperation
Students of The VNU University of Engineering and Technology won the second prize of Cyber SEA Game 2021
Start
End
On November 26, 2021, representing Vietnam to participate in the Cyber ​​SEA Game 2021 information security contest, the Pawsitive team of The VNU University of Engineering and Technology excellently won the runner-up position.
Cyber ​​SEA Game is a competition on cyber security skills in the ASEAN region with the cooperation and sponsorship of Japan. This year’s contest was held online with the participation of 10 seed teams from ASEAN countries
.
Team Pawsitive consists of 4 students from
The VNU University of Engineering and Technology
including 4 students:
Dinh Quang Vu, Phan Cong Hau, Nguyen Cao Bao Long, Le Tran Hai Tung.
After winning the final round of the competition “ASEAN Students Contest on Information Security 2021” chaired by VIETNAM INFORMATION SECURITY ASSOCIATION (VNISA), in collaboration with ICT department (Ministry of Ecudation and Training) and Authority of Information Security (Ministry of Information and Communications). Team Pawsitive has been selected by the Ministry of Information and Communications to represent Vietnam in the Cyber ​​SEA Game 2021.
It is known that the contest content is focused on 4 main skills: Forensics, Reverse engeneering, Computer Network Defense or Harderning, Pentest.
Team Pawsitive participates online in Cyber ​​SEA Game 2021
This is the third time that the VNU University of Engineering and Technology is representing Vietnam to attend Cyber ​​​​Seagame.
Specifically, the N/A team including 4 students: Do Quang Thanh, Tran Tuan Minh, Nguyen Thi Thu Phuong, Nguyen Huy Hung won the third prize in 2017; The team that won the second prize in 2019 was the Just ∫du It! including 4 students: Dao Tuan Linh, Nguyen Huy Hung, Nguyen Hoang Thach and Pham Nguyen Ngoc Bien.
Pawsitive team, the first prize in “ASEAN Students Contest on Information Security 2021” Certificate of Merit from the Ministry of Ecudation and Training.
(cre:
ictnews)
Pawsitive – the new runner-up of the Cyber ​​SEA Game contest, with
Pawsitive – the new runner-up of the Cyber ​​SEA Game contest, in the workshop – Vietnam Information Security Day 2021 International Exhibition taking place on November 25, the team was awarded the Certificate of Merit from Ministry of Ecudation, for his excellent performance, won the first prize in the ASEAN Students Contest on Information Security 2021.
Consult:
https://www.fit.uet.vnu.edu.vn/doi-na-gianh-giai-ba-cuoc-thi-cyber-sea-game-2017-tai-thai-lan/
https://ictnews.vietnamnet.vn/cuoc-song-so/sinh-vien-viet-nam-gianh-giai-nhi-cuoc-thi-an-toan-thong-tin-cyber-sea-game-2019-38494.htm
UET-NEWS
+ GOOGLE CALENDAR
+ ICAL IMPORT
MORE DETAIL
Related Events
6th National Conference on Engineering Mechanics and Automation
Appointment of Prof. Dr. Sci. Nguyen Dinh Duc as Chairman of the University Council of University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University-Hanoi
Closing the course on microcontroller engineering