Commendation of many staff and students of the University of Technology for achieving achievements in Union and Association activities in the academic year 2021-2022
Implementing the program of Union and Student Union work in the academic year 2021 – 2022, towards the 20
th
anniversary of the traditional day of the VNU Student Union, the Standing Committee of the Youth Union – the Secretariat of the VNU Student Union organized The ceremony to honor the title of 5 good students, young cadres well implemented the movement “Staff with three responsibilities” and the movement “Strong professional skills – Professional skills – Standard manners”. The program is part of the series of activities “Proud of VNU students”.
University of Engineering and Technology has 03 young staff who were commended for well implementing the movement “Staff with Three responsibilities” and the movement “Professional stability – Professional skills – Standard behavior” including lecturer Nguyen Thanh Tung (
Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology
) and staff Nguyen Thi Hang – expert of the Union Office. At the same time, 54 students won the title of “5 Good Student” in the academic year 2020-2021.
This year, due to the complicated development of the COVID-19 epidemic, most activities to welcome new students were held online. Sharing with the staff of the Union – VNU Association, VNU Youth Union Secretary Truong Ngoc Kiem said that the Student of 5 merits movement not only stops at the commendation ceremony but students are also trained in terms of their nature. ideological, political, cognitive, ethical and international integration issues in the context of globalization. VNU has a force of young cadres, 02 movements “Three Responsibilities – Professionalism – Professionalism – Standard of Conduct”, which is a training movement for youth union members who are researchers and teachers; The movement “Strengthening professionalism – Professionalism – Standard of behavior” for youth union members who are administrative officers launched by VNU Union has really entered the life of every young cadre.
VNU delegation commended and awarded certificates of merit to young cadres who well performed the two emulation movements “Three responsibilities” and “Strong Professionalism – Professionalism – Standard of Conduct” of VNU in the academic year 2020-2021. are typical young cadres who are not only good at professional work, actively improve their qualifications and capacity, but also achieve positive results in social activities and movements of the Youth Union. The Student Union contributes to the development of VNU.
Over the years, VNU has always been evaluated as an effective implementer of the movement “Students of 5 merits launched by the Central Committee of the Vietnam Student Association, deployed with 5 contents: good ethics, good study, good fitness, good volunteering, good integration. The Students of 5 merits who came out of the movement have promoted their titles, affirmed themselves to continue to achieve many achievements in learning and training, and have been highly appreciated by large domestic and foreign agencies and enterprises.
This is a “record” for the Student Union of VNU as well as its member schools. In the context of a complicated epidemic that has lasted for nearly 2 years, this result is a testament to the relentless efforts of all levels of the association, union officials and students. Typical individuals and groups are not only good at studying and doing scientific research but also achieve positive results in physical training, volunteering and perfecting skills to be ready for international integration.
By admin
|
News & Events
|
4892 Views