Establishment of Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology under VNU University of Engineering and Technology
On January 8, 2018, VNU University of Engineering and Technology held the launching ceremony of Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology.
Attending the ceremory is Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha, Rector of VNU University of Engineering and Technology, Rectorate Board and leaders of departments, divisions, institutes and laboratories.
The Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology (AVITECH) with Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyễn Linh Trung as its Director, was established under Decision No 1018/QĐ-TCCB dated October 18, 2017 by the Rector of VNU University of Engineering and Technology.
Rector Nguyen Viet Ha spoke at the ceremony
Speaking at the ceremony, VNU UET Rector Nguyễn Việt Hà expressed his pleasure at the launch of the Advanced Institute of Technology and Technology – a new unit to carry out the university’s science and technology mission. He believed that AVITECH would help the university form interdisciplinary research groups in information and communication technology; manufacturing, control and automation; new materials technology and energy. Also, the Institute’s research will create high-tech products that promote research, development, implementation and technology transfer for creating a positive research environment.
Rector Nguyen Viet Ha (right of photo) presents flowers to congratulate Director Nguyen Linh Trung (left of photo)
At the ceremony, Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyễn Linh Trung determined the Institute’s vision to become an excellent interdisciplinary research centre in Vietnam in the fields of Information Technology, Electronics, Communications, Mechanical Robotics … The establishment of the Institute was a milestone in the development strategy of VNU UET in terms of both scale and quality. The Institute has selected its initial research directions to include intelligent information technology systems for distance medical and health care. The Institute’s scientific and technological products would be intelligent products closely related to medical imaging and storage systems. These systems will integrate technologies that address five areas of signal processing and imaging, artificial intelligence, communications security, multidimensional display and transmission, medical sensor design.
Prof. Nguyen Linh Trung spoke about the direction of research in AVITECH in the coming time
Characterized by an open model, to launch its selected research directions, in 2018, the Institute needs to attract highly-qualified scientific research personnel and build a network of partnerships. In particular, the Institute is to establish a number of new mechanisms to create a favourable working environment to attract researchers.
Rector Nguyen Viet Ha and Director Nguyen Linh Trung removed the towel of nameplate of Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology (AVITECH)
The Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology (AVITECH) has the function of conducting scientific research and technological development through subjects, projects and programs in the fields of information technology, electronics, communication, mechatronics. , automation … and related fields; to create high-quality and inter-branch scientific and technological products; to create an environment of attracting and developing a contingent of highly qualified scientists; through projects, projects, funding … to build a system of advanced, modern and interdisciplinary laboratories in service of research and training; to participate in university and postgraduate training of the University.
Organize in-depth training and fostering for researchers directly involved in research in subjects, projects and research programs of the Institute, through seminars and real research exchanges.
Providing consultancy services, training, transfer of knowledge and technology, development of technology products according to the main research directions of the Institute.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
AVITECH
6862 Views