The VNU University of Engineering and Technology (VNU-UET) – known to the international community under the name The College of Technology (Coltech) – was founded on May 25, 2004 as a member university of Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU). Its tradition, however, roots back to the establishment of its predecessor, the Faculty of Technology on October 18, 1999. It was an important fact that in the whole period of ten years from 1999 to 2009 our university was led by Prof. Academician Nguyen Van Hieu, a prominent physicist of Vietnam, first as the Dean of the Faculty of Technology and then as the Rector of the VNU-UET, and then by the present Vice-President of VNU, Prof. Dr. Nguyen Huu Duc.
Enjoying significant and effective investments and supports from the government, the VNU and also from various international cooperative partners and with the great efforts and enthusiasm of all the staff and students in the last years, our VNU University of Engineering and Technology has established its prestige as one of the leading universities in the VNU as well as in the country’s higher-education community and built up a solid foundation for its further dynamic and sustainable development.
For the years to come, our university has set the target as to develop and establish a high-standard higher-education environment including a high standard education and training; active research; open, effective and friendly exchange and cooperation; modern university governance and administration; and a humanity-enriched working and living environment in order to pioneering approach the international standard of university education. We are committed to develop into a leading university on the field of engineering and technology in Vietnamese as well as in the region.
We have enough confidence for realizing these goals, because we have a solid foundation set up in the last years of our development and we have an excellent faculty of bright, young, well-educated and well-trained scientists with more than 70% having a Ph.D. degree and 25% having an associate and a full professor title, eager to take on active advanced research and studies. Our university is an attractive destination for talented students at all training levels.
In the coming period, we shall put our concentrated great efforts to further expand and solidify our capability and strength. To do that, creative thinking and innovative acting by all faculty, administrative staff and students are of deciding role and of crucial importance.
We want you all to know that our VNU-UET is a place for your creativity to grow. Be with us!
Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha
Rector