Enhancing the experience exchange in university management between VNU University of Engineering and Technology and Chiba Institute of Technology, Japan
On July 25
th
, 2019, University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU-UET) had a meeting to welcome and work with the delegation of Chiba Institute of Technology, Japan (CIT), led by Mr. Takeda Yasuhiro – Head of Director of Corporate Administration. The purpose of this visit is to strengthen cooperation and exchange of experience in university administration between the two sides.
Attending the meeting, from Chiba Institute of Technology, there were Mr. Iriyama Mitsuhiro – Deputy Director, Research Support and Promotion Department and representatives of Facilities Section, Human Resourses Section, Educational Affairs Section and Student Affairs Section.
From VNU-UET, there were Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai – Vice-Rector and representatives of departments and faculties.
The delegation of Chiba Institute of Technology, Japan led by Mr. Takeda Yasuhiro
Chiba Institute of Technology and VNU University of Engineering and Technology has had a cooperative relationship since 2013 and has been strongly promoted since 2017 by Chiba Institute of Technology supported the VNU-UET to build and develop a Robotics training program at the Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications and promoted annual exchange programs of lecturers and students. So far, VNU-UET has sent 8 staffs and 20 students to work and short-term study at the Chiba Institute of Technology. In particular, during the school year of 2018-2019, Prof. Osamu Setokuma – Chairman of Governing board of Chiba Institute of Technology attended the opening ceremony of the first training course for robotics engineers. Prof. Ken Tomiyama – the Future Robotics Technology Center has directly taught students of robotics engineering, built jointly by Chiba Institute of Technology and VNU University of Engineering and Technology. In the following years, the annual exchange of lecturers and researchers is one of the contents to ensure the quality of training and research for robotics engineering.
Director of the Governing board of Chiba Institute of Technology Osamu Setokuma (left), Prof. Kazuhito Komiya (right) and Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha (middle) signed a cooperation agreement during the visit and working trip in 2017
Prof. Ken Tomiyama –
the Future Robotics Technology Center
has directly taught students of robotics engineering
Vice-Rector Nguyen Anh Thai expressed his pleasure that Chiba University of Technology visited and worked with the VNU University of Engineering and Technology this time to discuss issues related to experience in university management. VNU-UET hopes that the meeting will be exchanged in an open and friendly spirit to contribute to the development of long-term cooperative relations between the two sides. On the basis of exchanges in the field of science and technology, development cooperation, training, students’ jobs, etc. VNU-UET wishes to receive positive comments from Chiba University of Technology to improve university management capacity of VNU-UET.
In the process of discussion, two sides had straight and open exchanges on the content of facilities, equipment, personnel organization, teaching and training … of the VNU-UET. Since then, the Chiba Institute of Technology and VNU University of Engineering and Technology hope that in the future, it is possible to open opportunities to jointly implement practical and meaningful technology projects in many fields.
At the end of the working day, Mr. Takeda Yasuhiro highly evaluated this visit to the VNU-UET. At the same time, it is expected that both parties actively exchange research and expertise as well as high-quality human resources through staff exchange programs, coordination in cooperation projects to develop robotics training programs and implementation of practical and significant technology projects in many areas.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
Cooperation
.
News & Events
|
Tags:
Chiba
5812 Views