Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc meets with business and science and technology organizations in Hoa Lac
On 22nd February, on the occasion of the visit and working with Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park Management Board, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc met with enterprises and scientific and technological organizations, including University of Engineering and Technology, Hanoi National University  is one of the units working with the Prime Minister in the High Tech Park.
Also attended by Deputy Prime Minister Vu Duc Dam, representatives of leaders of the Ministry of Science and Technology, Ministry of Information and Communication, Ministry of Planning and Investment, Ministry of Finance, Ministry of Education and Training; leader of Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Hanoi People’s Committee; corporations, enterprises, science and technology organizations have invested and are studying investment in Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park; and Director of Hanoi National University.
This is the third time the Prime Minister has visited this hi-tech park for more than a year (as of 16 February 2012). In June, the Government issued Decree No. 74/2017 / ND-CP regulating specific mechanisms and policies for Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park with the most favorable principles, remove current difficulties, attract social resources to invest here.
Within the framework of the visit, the PM visited, met and exchanged with science and technology organizations, corporations and enterprises which are investing or having important activities contributing to the development of Hoa Lac. University of Engineering and Technology, Hanoi National University plays an important role in training human resources and technology transfer research for Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park. The university has cooperated with the Management Board of the High-Tech Park and other units.
Talking directly, frankly with representatives of businesses, investors, leaders of some ministries and sectors, the Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc said that the third visit of the Prime Minister shows political determination and the expectation of this hi-tech park, which contributes to the development of Vietnam’s science and technology ecosystem.
According to the Prime Minister, the ground of Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park has been basically handed over, transport infrastructure, electricity, water and transport have been set up. Given that before the trend of industrial revolution 4.0, investors should welcome this important moment, Prime Minister acknowledged, Hanoi has seriously implemented the direction of the Government as well as Hanoi is right to consider the development of Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park as the capital of the city. From then on, Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park will become the high and sustainable growth pole of Hanoi.
The Prime Minister emphasized that it is necessary to step up the development of Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park in the coming time when the delay of many years has not solved some problems, such as ground and infrastructure, has been lost many opportunities to develop.
The Prime Minister stated that it is necessary to further improve the institutions and policies so that on a national scale, hi-tech parks will be developed in a more synchronous and timely manner and promptly solve problems. In particular, the Government has issued Decree 74/2017 / ND-CP. Relevant ministries and sectors should soon issue relevant circulars to facilitate the development of Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park.
In the coming time, the Prime Minister proposed mechanisms and policies to attract high quality human resources to be specified in order to create conditions for researchers to enter the hi-tech zone. This is important for building a startup ecosystem.
With that, the Prime Minister assigned the Ministry of Planning and Investment to submit to the Government to report to the National Assembly to handle the high-tech zone. In short, Hanoi advance capital to clear the ground.
With the recommendations of the Nidec Group on the investment in Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park, the Prime Minister emphasized the spirit of creating conditions for investors and suggested the Ministry of Science and Technology to gather the problems and consult the Government for an early license for Nidec to implement the project.
The management of the high-tech zone should create favorable conditions for investors so that this is the best place to start the business for high technology, attracting the focus and focus rather than spatially to fill the gap of high tech zone.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy PM Vu Duc Dam said that to do more drastic to meet the expectations of the Prime Minister. It is not an industrial park but a high-tech zone, so investment capital, turnover or export turnover are important, but the most important thing is how many of them are there, invent and spread the spirit of innovation.
Representative of the Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park Management Board, Deputy Minister of Science and Technology and head of the management board Pham Dai Duong, said that by 2017, the hi-tech park will converge 5 factors to succeed: Planning, infrastructure, mechanism, investment and human resources.
To gain access to and take advantage of the industrial revolution of 4.0, Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park Management Board has initiated the introduction, demonstration and transfer of technology, Incubate 30 nursery groups in which 7 graduated groups. In addition, information bank on science and technology has been built with nearly 10,000 experts, nearly 3,500 patents, inventions, utility solutions and nearly 1000 enterprises applying technology … to support for technology transfer and business incubation.
After a meeting with the Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park Management Board, Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc visited the Hanwha Aero Engines Vietnam project of Hanwha Techwin Co., Korea, with a $ 200 million investment on plane engine. As planned, the first plant of Hanwha Techwin will be operational by April 2018. This is one of the typical hi-tech projects in Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
Uncategorized
|
3754 Views