Library & Information Center
Digital library
Library
E-mail
Contact
Map
Sitemap
Tiếng Việt
Search
HOME
|
ABOUT VNU
VNU Welcome Message
Overview
History
Mission - Vision - Motto - Strategy
Achievements
Statistics
VNU Facilities
Awarded Honorary Doctorate by VNU
VNU's Development Stategy
Organizational Structure
Organization Chart
VNU Board
Board of  Presidents
Office & Functional Departments
Trade Union
Youth Union, Students' Union
Member Universities & Schools
Institutes
Academic and Research Centers
Service Units
Council for Academic and Research Affairs
Legal Documents
Annual Report
VNU Brochure
|
ACADEMIC PROGRAMS
Introduction
Undergraduate Programs
Graduate and Research Programs
International Programs
English
French
Russian
Chinese
Specialized High School Programs
Student & Scholar Exchange Programs
Statistics
|
ADMISSION
Why VNU
Financial Aids & Scholarships
Contact Us
Information for international students
Application
|
RESEARCH
Introduction
Laboratories
Research Groups
Research Projects
National Projects
North West Program
List of State-level Projects
Ministerial, Local and Enterprise Projects
VNU Projects
Research Funds
VNU Science & Technology Development Fund
Achievements
Hồ Chí Minh Awards
State Awards
International Awards
VNU Awards
Statistics
|
COOPERATION & DEVELOPMENT
International Cooperation
Introduction to VNU International Cooperation
Collaborative Networks
AUN
ASAIHL
BESETOHA
UMAP
SATU
CONFRAISE
AUF
Cooperative programs
Research Cooperation
Academic Cooperation
Conference - Workshop
Partners
Asia
Europe
Oceania
Americas
Cooperation Agreements
Domestic Cooperation
Introduction to VNU Domestic Cooperation
Northwest Region Development Program
Projects
Universities & Schools
Academic & Research Institutes
Service Units
Institute of Microbiology and Biotechnology
|
STUDENT LIFE
About VNU Student Affair
Student Activities
Student Services
Student Exchange Programs
International Students
International Students
Programs in Foreign Languages
Visa
Housing
Scholarships & Financial Aids
About VN
Living in Hanoi
Learning Vietnamese
|
PUBLICATIONS
VNU Journal of Science
VNU Bulletin
Annual Reports
VN Economy Annual Report
VN Higher Education Annual Report
|
CAREERS
Register for application and cooperation
Recruitment
|
NEWS & EVENTS
Vietnamese science makes its mark in Cell journal with research on the saola - the 'Asian Unicorn’
A major international study on the saola - one of the world's rarest and most mysterious animals has just been published in Cell, one of the world’s leading scientific journals. Notably, the research team includes Assoc.Prof.Dr. Le Duc Minh, a faculty member of the Faculty of Environment, VNU University of Science.
Developing VNU Vietnam Japan University into a comprehensive hub for Vietnam-Japan partnership
On April 28, 2025, Japanese Prime Minister Ishiba Shigeru visited VNU Vietnam Japan University as part of his official visit to Vietnam from April 27 to 29.
“Vietnam in the transformative era of growth and prosperity” - an academic seminar contributing to strengthening cooperation between Vietnam and China
On April 15, 2025, at Nguy Nhu Kon Tum hall, VNU held a seminar entitled "Vietnam in the transformative era of growth and prosperity”.
VNU and Ministry of Higher Education of Cuba promote cooperation in higher education and scientific research
On April 15, 2025, VNU President Le Quan held a working session with Prof. Reynaldo Velázquez Zaldívar, Vice Minister of the Ministry of Higher Education of Cuba, on promoting potential bilateral cooperation in higher education, scientific research, and technology transfer.
Vietnam National University, Hanoi and Tsinghua University elevate scientific and educational cooperation between the two nations
On the occasion of the State visit to Vietnam by China's Communist Party General Secretary and President Xi Jinping, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU) and Tsinghua University (China) signed a memorandum of understanding to establish a “Vietnam - China University Network”. They also signed an additional memorandum affirming their commitment to strengthening cooperation in the field of Digital education, jointly addressing the opportunities and challenges brought about by Artificial Intelligence (AI) and online education.
VNU and the University of Tokyo (Japan) collaborate in semiconductor training and research
On April 8, 2025, during his working visit to Japan, VNU President Prof. Le Quan visited and worked with the University of Tokyo. He paid a visit to the university’s advanced laboratories specialized in new materials, semiconductor technology, and quantum photonics. During the visit, he also met and held discussions with leading experts from the University of Tokyo, including Prof. Makoto Ikeda - Director of the System Design Laboratory; Assoc. Prof. Le Duc Anh and Assoc. Prof. Ryosho Nakane – Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Information Systems; and Assoc. Prof Seki Munetoshi from the Center for Spintronics Research Network.
Promoting cooperation in science, research, and training between Vietnam and Belgium
On April 1, 2025, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU) coordinated with the Wallonia-Brussels Delegation in Vietnam, KU Leuven University, and Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) to organize a series of academic exchange and networking events.
VNU establishes the Institute of Semiconductors and Advanced Materials
On March 26, 2025, VNU President signed Decision No. 1399/QD-DHQGHN on the establishment of the Institute of Semiconductors and Advanced Materials under the VNU Technology and Innovation Park. The founding of the Institute not only marks a new milestone in VNU’s development in the field of high technology but also makes a significant contribution to the advancement of the semiconductor and advanced materials industry in Vietnam.
VNU’s Action Program to implement Resolution No. 57-NQ/TW of the Politburo and Resolution No. 03/NQ-CP of the Government on breakthroughs in the development of science, technology, innovation, and national digital transformation
On March 21, 2025, VNU issued Decision No. 1345/QD-DHQGHN on VNU’s Action Program to implement Resolution No. 57-NQ/TW dated December 22, 2024 of the Politburo and Resolution No. 03/NQ-CP dated January 9, 2025 of the Government on breakthroughs in the development of science, technology, innovation, and national digital transformation.
VNU and the People's Committee of Thai Binh province collaborate to implement Resolution No. 57-NQ/TW on breakthroughs in the development of science, technology, innovation, and national digital transformation
On March 20, 2025, a delegation from Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU), led by President Prof. Dr. Le Quan, held a working session with the People's Committee of Thai Binh Province to discuss plans and strategies for training human resources, developing technology, promoting innovation, and advancing digital transformation in the locality.
QS World University Rankings by subject 2025: Multiple subjects from VNU ranked in Group 400-500 globally
On March 12, 2025, Quacquarelli Symonds (QS) released its rankings for 1,747 higher education institutions with around 21,000 academic programs across 55 disciplines in five broad subject areas.
VNU and IOER: Prospects for interdisciplinary cooperation in sustainable urban development
On March 3, 2025, VNU Vice President Pham Bao Son held a working session with Assoc. Prof. Dr. Karsten Grunewald from the Leibniz Institute of Ecological Urban and Regional Development, Germany (IOER).
MEMBERS
UNIVERSITIES
VNU University of Science
VNU University of Social Sciences and Humanities
VNU University of Languages and International Studies
VNU University of Engineering and Technology
VNU University of Economics and Business
VNU University of Education
VNU Vietnam - Japan University
VNU University of Medicine and Pharmacy
VNU University of Law
AFFILIATED SCHOOLS
VNU School of Business and Management
VNU International School
VNU School of Interdisciplinary Sciences and Arts
RESEARCH INSTITUTES
VNU Technology and Innovation Park
VNU Trần Nhân Tông Institute
VNU Institute of Vietnamese Studies and Development Sciences
TRAINING AND RESEARCH CENTERS
VNU National Defense and Security Training Center
VNU Center for Physical Education and Sports
SERVICE UNITS
VNU Asia Research Center
VNU Campus Management Center
VNU Center for Education Accreditation
VNU Development Foundation
VNU Digital Education and Assessment Institute
VNU Hospital
VNU Journal of Science
VNU Library and Digital Knowledge Centre
VNU Press
Vietnam Japan University Project management department
Quick links
Foreign Embassies in Vietnam
Organizations and Institutions in Vietnam
Asia Development Bank in Vietnam (ADB)
United Nations in Vietnam (UN)
United Nations Development Programme Vietnam (UNDP)
World Bank in Vietnam (WB)
UNESCO
Vietnam Education Foundation (VEF)
Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology (VAST)
Vietnam Academy of Social Sciences (VASS)
Library and Information Centers
Vietnam Development Information Center (VDIC)
The American Center( AC)
L'espace
Goethe-Institut
VNU Journal of Science
Transportation
Copyright Vietnam National University, Hanoi
Editors: Vũ Thị Sinh, Nguyễn Thùy Trang
VNU Town in Hoa Lac, Thach That district, Hanoi
Webmaster: media@vnu.edu.vn; thinhtt@vnu.edu.vn
English Language Editor: Đỗ Bá Quý
Home
|
Search
|
Sitemap
|
Documents