Meet and honour the 4 students team achieving national rewards, international rewards and ACM/ICPC team 2018
On April 12, 2018, UET organized a meeting to honour the 4 teams, Fimo, Sislab, Orlab and Aspei that had achieved high results in national, international contests. Also, the school had met the team Unsigned that will take part in the final round of the ACM/ICPC 2018 held at Beijing from 15 April to 19 April 2018.
Attending the meeting, Assoc.Prof.PhD Pham Bao Son – Vice Principal; Assoc.Prof.PhD Tran Xuan Tu – Head of Science Technology and Collaboration and Development Division, PhD Bui Trung Ninh – Deputy Head of Students Affair Division and the delegators of Faculty of Information and Technology, Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication, Faculty of Engineering Mechanisms and Automation, Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology.
Assoc.Prof.PhD Pham Bao Son (to the left of the photo) awarded the student team ORLAB under the guid of PhD Ha Minh Hoang – lecture of Faculty of Information and Technology had achieved the first prize of the contest Optimizr Photovoltaic Battery.
Vice Principal Pham Bao Son(to the right of the photo) congratulated and awarded the student team SISLab and Assoc.Prof.PhD Tran Xuan Tu – the guiding lecturer of the team (the 4
th
from the right of photo)
The team FIMO had achieved the first prize the contest Cansat 2017-2018 – received compliments from Vice Principal Pham Bao Son (furthest to the right of the photo) and PhD Duong Le Minh – Deputy Head of Faculty of Information and Technology (furthest to the left of the photo)
Vice Principal Pham Bao Son (furthest to the right of the photo) awarded and congratulated the team Aspei under the guide of PhD Bui Dinh Tu – lecturer of Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology (the 6
th
to the right of the photo) had achieved the first prize at the final round contest “The journey of Start-up creative city Startupcity Roadshow”
At the meeting, Vice Principal had met and honoured the teams having achieved high results at the national as well as international contests so far. The teams include, in particular, ORLAB under the guide of PhD Ha Minh Hoang, lecturer of Faculty of Engineering and Technology, won the first prize the contest “Optimize Photovoltaic Battery” with the reward 12.000 euro (more than 300 millions dong); students team Aspei with the guider PhD Bui Dinh Tu, lecturer of Facultu of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology, won the first prize and had received the investment budget more than 1 billion dong, at the final roun of the contest “The journey of Start-up creative city Startupcity Roadshow”; students team FIMO won the first prize the contest Cansat 2017-2018 – or also known as Satelite in a Can; students team SISLab of Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunication won the second prize at the final round contest LSI Contest (LSI Design Contest) the 21th time.
Vice Principal sent congratulations and compliments to the guiding lectures and the 4 students teams having achieved high results at the national and international contests. Recently, beside the innovation of the universities, the capacity of science and technology of innovation and creativity in high-applicative life softwares are highly cared by the society. Since then, the school has increased the numbers of activites for innovating, enhancing the field of science and technology beside publishing the ISI/Scopus papers of lectures, staffs, the school also requires about intellectual property, collaborates with enterprises to apply the researching result to social life. To the students, beside the studying environment , the school always innovates creatively in start-up models. The 4 teams that are honoured today are the team that had high achievements in national international contest with products and real problems. Also, the 4 teams had the achievement above the knowledge of the Faculty, even the new fields that the school has recently added to the training about Aerospace and Energy. To achieve these results, the teams had spent a lot of time, with high spirit researching with the guiding lecturers. The success in researching when studying at university , is the starting point to the real success of former students. The school hopes that the lectures will always be the inspirers of the students to create an energentic researching environment.
Vice Principal (furthest, to the left of the photo) sent congratulations to the team Unsigned and the guiding lecturer Ho Dac Phuong (furthest, to the right of the photo)
Beside awarding the rewards to the students, Vice Principal also sent the best wishes on succeeding to the team Unsigned taking part in the final round ACM/ICPC 2018 in Beijing this year.
Before, the team Unsigned members includes K62 students are Nguyen Dinh Quang Minh, Pham Cao Nguyen and Le Quang Tuan had become the champion ACM/ICPC contest Asia region at contest checkpoint at Ho Chi Minh City 2017 at University of Education Ho Chi Minh from 5 December to 8 December 2017.
Representatives of Unsigned group said that this year the group has been participating in 10 days training in Russia. Here, the team has met and exchanged with the strong teams in the world, especially the team from the University of Saint Petersburg (Russia). In those 10 days, the group only performed the meals, sleeps, doing exercises and check the exercises. The 10-day trip was short, but helped the group to gain additional experience in knowledge, skills and study.
This is the seventh year the school has had the team join in the global final round of the ACM / ICPC International Student Programming Contest. In 2015, the # Java team has placed Vietnam in 20th place in the ACM / ICPC global finals. BYTE then took the 29th position and placed Vietnam at 14th place in the ACM / ICPC 2016 competition. By the year 2017, the Linux team won the 34/128 team in attendance. In the final round of the ACM / ICPC 2017 International Student Programming Contest, UET has had three times as many representatives of Vietnam as the finalists in 2007, 2008 and 2009.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
4083 Views