Signing Ceremony of the MoU between VNU University of Engineering & Technology and Samsung Electronics Vietnam
On February 1
st
2018 at Building E3, VNU University of Engineering and Technology and Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd signed the cooperation agreement (Phase II).
Participating the ceremony, there are representatives from Samsung Delegation led by Mr. Shim Won Hwan, President of Samsung Complex Vietnam, Mr. Kim In Soo, President, Samsung Vietnam Mobile R&D Research Center (SVMC), Mr. Park Sung Geun – Vice – President, Samsung Electronics Vietnam (SEV) and other senior managers and staff members. Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha – Rector of VNU-UET, Prof. Pham Bao Son- Vice-Rector of VNU-UET and Prof. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice – Rector of VNU-UET and other leaders of relevant departments also warmly welcome distinguished guests and participants.
In addition to the cooperation in training human resources in the field of information technology and electronic communications, VNU University of Engineering and Technology and Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd have expanded the cooperation in the areas of high-quality human resource training for the purpose of research and technology transfer.
In the welcome speech of Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha, he congratulated the continuous development of Samsung Corporation in Vietnam in particular and Samsung Corporation in general. VNU University of Engineering and Technology and Samsung Corporation have cooperated in the first phase from 2014 to 2016, the two sides have carried out many significant activities such as equipment investment, Samsung-UET Lab; implementing training programs related to mobile phones (Java, Android, Algorithm, Korean); 03 approved tasks with the total cost of 1.5 billion, in which spam filter products commercialized; from 2014-2015 school-year to present, 54 students have been awarded scholarships from Samsung Talent Program; nearly 200 graduates are currently working at Samsung Vietnam Mobile R&D Research Center (SVMC).
Cooperation Agreement Signing Ceremony between VNU Universty of Engineering and Technology and Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd on February 1, 2018
Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha affirmed that the cooperation activities between the VNU University of Engineering and Technology and Samsung Corporation is a typical model of cooperation between universities and enterprises, which is implemented comprehensively to improve the quality of research and training and career guidance for students.
At the ceremony, Mr. Shim Won Hwan expressed his delight at the signing ceremony of the second phase between Samsung Electronics Vietnam Co., Ltd and VNU University of Engineering and Technology. So far, Samsung Corporation has been in Vietnam for more than 10 years and has contributed to the economic development of Vietnam. We highly appreciate the graduates from VNU University of Engineering and Technology with their excellent skills, professionalism and professional excellence. Mr. Shim Won Hwan affirmed that if there is a combine between human resources of VNU University of Engineering and Technology with practical application and practice environment at Samsung, in the coming time, the effectiveness of cooperation between the two sides will be spread more widely. Mr. Shim Won Hwan believes that the cooperation model between Samsung and VNU-UET will become a typical model, contributing to the training of high quality human resources, simultaneously contributing to the development of the two sides and the development of Vietnam.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
Samsung
5882 Views