Department of Science, Technology and International relations
1. Function:
advising and assisting the Rector in managing science and technology activities, managing science and technology investment projects and the development cooperation activities.
2. Mission:
a. Managing science and technology activities
Organizing the development, implementation, monitoring and supervision of the science and technology development plans; using state budget funds for science and technology activities; the implementation of scientific topics/tasks inside and outside VNU; management of registration and exploitation of scientific and technological products, intellectual property, scientific research students, creative young talents;
Organizing selection of typical scientific and technological works to award science and technology awards at all levels, promote typical scientific works; organizing, monitoring, supervising and supporting activities of scientific conferences/conferences, seminars, journals, scientific journals;
Organizing meetings of the Science and Training Council.
b. Managing and carry out projects
Developing investment plans to ensure and improve the potential of science and technology; deploying, monitoring and supervising the formulation, implementation and acceptance of science and technology investment projects; managing and supervising the effective exploitation and the use of scientific and technological equipment; being the focal point to organize the overall acceptance of science and technology investment projects.
c. Development cooperation
Organizing the formulation, implementation, monitoring and supervision of domestic and foreign cooperation activities plans; manage domestic and foreign cooperation documents, domestic and international delegations;
Organizing and managing development cooperation activities in research and training, promoting the transfer of results of scientific and technological activities;
Being the focal point to manage, be in charge and supervise the activities of international cooperation / domestic cooperation offices.
3. Personnel organization:
Num
Full name
Position
Email
1
Assoc. Prof. Dr. Nguyễn Hoài Sơn
Head of Department
sonnh@vnu.edu.vn
2
Dr. Nguyễn Ngọc An
Deputy Head
ngocan@vnu.edu.vn
3
Ms. Chu Thị Minh
Specialist
minhct@vnu.edu.vn
4
Ms. Đỗ Thị Hồng Nhung
Specialist
nhungdo@vnu.edu.vn
5
Ms. Nguyễn Quỳnh Giang
Specialist
giangnguyen@vnu.edu.vn
4. Contact address:
Room 201 – Building E3. Phone: (024) 3754 9826
By admin
|
Uncategorized
|
5084 Views