Cooperation on establishing the Russia – Vietnam Technology Center
On February 19, 2019, VNU – University of Engineering and Technology (VNU-UET) holds a meeting with the delegation of Russian technology enterprises led by Mr. Mikhail V. Mamonov – Deputy Minister of Digital Development, Communications and Mass Media of the Russian Federation and Mr. Aleksandr Maslov – First Secretary of the Russian Federation Embassy in Vietnam.  The chairman of Russian Federation of Technology Exporters also joined the delegation with representatives of leading technology companies such as Coepa, BI.ZONE, Kaspersky, GEOSCAN, Speech Technology.
The Leaders of VNU-UET (on the right side) had a meeting with
the delegation of Russian technology enterprises
(on the left side)
Assoc. Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha – Rector of VNU-UET; Assoc. Prof. Tran Xuan Tu – Head of Department of Science, Technology & International Relations; Assoc. Prof. Le Sy Vinh – Dean of Faculty of Information Technology;  Dr. Dinh Trieu Duong – Dean of Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications; Assoc.  Prof. Nguyen Linh Trung – Director of the
Advanced Institute of Engineering and Technology
and professional staff attended the meeting.
Deputy Minister Mikhail V. Mamonov shared about the desire to cooperate with VNU-UET on establishing the Russia – Vietnam Technology Center in Hanoi. This cooperation comes from the cooperation agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in the field of international information security and e-government and other cooperation agreements on relations between the two countries in the fields of science, education, technology and business, the regulations on technology transfer, training and practice exchange. Mr. Mikhail V. Mamonov said that the Center’s mission is to develop Russian-Vietnamese cooperation in the digital field and other high technologies. This cooperation is very important for strengthening the sovereignty, security and prosperity of both sides.
At the meeting, Deputy Minister Mikhail V. Mamonov (fourth on the left side) wished to cooperate with
the VNU-UET on establishing the Russia – Vietnam Technology Center in Hanoi.
The main orientations in the operation of the Center will be: Development and training of specialists in the areas of digital and other high technologies, in particular, in t he area of information technologies and cybersecurity. Facilitation of exchanges of the students and professors between participating Russian and Vietnamese universities, other scientific and technological organizations and companies, including the training and work of students and scientists in participating companies. Joint research and development in the areas of high technologies, as well as the commercialization of the products of this research and development. Development of joint educational and professional t raining programs for
participating universities as well as for government and business customers. Advanced t raining of the Vietnamese high- and secondary schools’ students in the fields of mathematics, physics, programming and engineering with the goal of preparing them for successful studies at the university level.
At the end of the meeting, Rector of VNU-UET – Assoc. Prof. Nguyen Viet Ha thanked for the visiting of the delegation and expected that the cooperative relationship between the two sides would be promoted, towards long-term cooperation to be realized by the specific activities.
(VNU-UET News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
5337 Views