University Of Engineering and Technology  establish new subject (Constructive Technology – Traffic)
On 28/3/2018, Assoc. Prof. PhD Nguyen Viet Ha – Principal of University Of Engineering and Technology (UET) has promulgated Decision No. 252 / QĐ-ĐHCN to establish Constructive Technology – Traffic under UET. It based on lab of Materials and Smart structures under Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Automation.
Constructive Technology – Traffic is a unit of training, scientific research, technology transfer directly under the UET and operates under the regulation of organization under the UET.
Constructive Technology – Traffic function has function of training undergraduate, postgraduate, short courses and certificates in the field of construction technology and engineering. In addition, Constructive Technology – Traffic function continues the task of training specialized materials and smart structures; training masters and doctor.
Researching and transfering, application of technology, transfer of knowledge, implementation of cooperation activities in the country and abroad in the field of construction, transportation.
Participating in training others faculty in UET.
The main training and research areas of the subject:
Materials and Smart structures
Construction civil and industry
Design, buid skyscrapers
Design, buid underground works and special works
Research and apply new technologies and techniques in construction, transportation and infrastructure to adapting to climate change
Design, buid road
Urban planning
Construction economics and project management
Renovation, maintenance of buildings, transportation and infrastructure
Architecture and Feng Shui in construction
Professors, Doctor of Philosophy and students are trained in research and practice, working in the international research environment. Many excellent results are published in reputable ISI scientific journals. Lecturers are invited to teach from many prestigious universities in the field of specialization such as National University of Civil Engineering, University of Transport and communications, Thuyloi University, Vietnam Institute for Building Science and Technology, Vietnam Japan University,…. Students of subject have many opportunities to receive scholarships from partners and businesses. Although newly established, the subject has many cooperation with businesses, partners at home and abroad, the major universities of international such as Tokyo University, Tokyo Institute of Techology, Sejong University, Yonsei University, Birmingham University, Kingston University, Melbourne University, Sydney University of Technology,….
Constructive Technology – Traffic has started enrollment since 2017, and this year is the second year, with 100 students.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
3857 Views