Newsletter on Science, Technology and International Relations  (September 23rd 2019 – September 29 2019)
On September 24, 2019, VNU University of Engineering and Technology (VNU-UET) had a meeting with the delegation of Nicolaus Copernicus University in Torunz (Poland) led by Mr. Wojciech Wysota – Vice Rector.
Attending the meeting, there were Prof. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice Rector, Dr. Pham Minh Trien – Deputy Head, Department of Science, Technology and Cooperation Development.
Mr. Wojciech Wysota (right) presents a souvenir to Vice-Rector Chu Duc Trinh (left)
Nicolaus Copernicus University was founded in 1945. It is one of the largest universities in Poland. The University has graduate and postgraduate courses for nearly 30,000 students with more than 80 branches and 100 majors and 50 graduate courses. The University also has international student exchange programs (Erasmus +) and national programs (the MOST program).
At the meeting, Mr. Wojciech Wysota expressed his desire to cooperate with VNU-UET in academic research. Representative of Nicolaus Copernicus University also added that this is the first time coming to Vietnam and found that although VNU-UET is a young school, there are many outstanding results in scientific research, as well as international cooperation. The University hoped to cooperate with VNU-UET based on the strengths of the two sides, specifically in the fields of Physics, Applied Mathematics, Information Mathematics, Information Technology …
VNU-UET (left) has a meeting with Nicolaus Copernicus University delegation
Speaking at the meeting, Prof. Chu Duc Trinh thanked and appreciated Nicolaus Copernicus University’s attention to VNU-UET. VNU-UET committed to be a bridge to connect the research groups, lecturers and students of VNU-UET to the Nicolaus Copernicus University.
VNU-UET hopes that in the future, both sides will have more cooperation and support on training and research from Nicolaus Copernicus University.
On September 25, 2019, VNU University of Engineering and Technology had a meeting with Ms. Olga Pogosian, Head, Department of International Relations of Moscow Aviation Institute (MAI), Russian Federation at Building E3.
Attending the meeting, there were Prof. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice Rector, Dr. Pham Minh Trien – Deputy Head, Department of Science, Technology and Cooperation Development; Prof. Truong Ninh Thuan – Deputy Director, School of Aerospace Engineering; Prof. Nguyen Phuong Thai – Head, Department of Academic Affairs.
Ms. Olga Pogosian (second, right photo) working at VNU-UET in promoting research topics between the two sides.
Two sides signed a cooperation agreement in 2008, whereby MAI was ready to coordinate to consult on the purchase of equipment for practice and research on Aerospace Research at VNU-UET, to build training cooperation programs such as 2 + 2 (bachelor). This support is a premise for School of Aerospace Engineering, VNU-UET to internationalize the upcoming training program for engineers and masters.
In 2018, the delegation of VNU-UET signed a cooperation agreement on aerospace with the Moscow Aviation Institute
Prof. Chu Duc Trinh emphasized that VNU-UET pledged to prioritize the discussion activities between the two sides so that the research and training cooperation activities could soon be carried out. In addition, he proposed specific areas of promising cooperation such as exchanging experts, opening training programs with effective cooperation model to improve training quality in the field of aerospace.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
Cooperation
.
News & Events
|
4800 Views