Vietcombank North Hanoi accompanies to light up dreams with University of Engineering and Technology students
On December 13, 2021, the University of Engineering and Technology (Vietnam National University) cooperates with the Joint Stock Commercial Bank for Foreign Trade of Vietnam Nam (Vietcombank) North Hanoi branch organized the program “Lighting up dreams in 2021”, awarding scholarships to poor students who overcome difficulties.
Attending the program, on the side of the University of Engineering and Technology, there were Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai – Vice-Rector of the University, Dr. Bui Trung Ninh – Head of Student Affairs Department and representatives of the Financial Planning Department and Youth Union. On the side of Vietcombank, North Hanoi branch, there were Mr. Nguyen Trong Khoa – Deputy Director, Mr. Bui Tuan Vinh – Head of Customer Service Department.
Speaking at the event, Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai expressed his joy and thanks to Vietcombank in general and the North Hanoi branch in particular. In the context of difficulties caused by the Covid-19 epidemic, Vietcombank’s gift has a special meaning for students with difficult circumstances and the school’s talent and study promotion activities. The Vice President emphasized that in the coming time, the University hopes that the two sides will have more meaningful cooperation activities in supporting students.
With a tradition of 60 years of construction and development, Vietcombank always shares and accompanies the community through social security programs. At the event, Mr. Nguyen Trong Khoa – Deputy Director of Vietcombank North Hanoi branch shared: “In recent years, Vietcombank has paid special attention to the field of education, especially awarding scholarships to students. students and students who overcome difficulties have good academic achievements. Following that good tradition, the Vietcombank North Hanoi branch implemented the program “Lighting up dreams in 2021” for poor students who overcome difficulties studying at the University of Engineering and Technology. The program aims to honor the examples rich in dreams to rise up in life with the spirit of learning for tomorrow, encouraging, creating trust and accompanying them on the path to making their dreams come true”.
By admin
|
News & Events
|
4126 Views