The product “Cool-up and heat-resistant shirt for medical staff to prevent and control the Covid-19 epidemic” is one of 10 outstanding science and technology events in 2021.
On January 20, 2022, at The VNU University of Engineering and Technology, Assoc.Prof.Dr. Mai Anh Tuan – Lecturer of the Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications, Head of the product research team “Cooling shirt, anti-heat for medical staff to prevent and control Covid-19 epidemic”, awarded by Science and Technology Journalists Club Vietnam awarded the certificate as one of 10 outstanding science and technology events in 2021.
This is the 16th year the voting event mentioned above has been organized by the Vietnam Science and Technology Journalists Club. These events are in the fields of policy mechanism, social science, natural science; applied research, honoring scientists, international integration.
In June 2021, a cooling shirt for medical staff was approved by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Mai Anh Tuan, currently working at the Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications with a group of engineers from the Institute of Technology Applications (Ministry of Science and Technology). , research and put into trial production. The vest is designed in the form of a vest, worn over a medical uniform or inside a medical protective jacket (PPE) to support cooling for medical staff during work, patient sampling, or treatment. treat patients. The shirt is made of non-woven fabric, coated with Polyphenyl Ether (which is water-resistant and “breathable”).
Heat-reducing and anti-heat jacket for medical staff. (Photo cut from Nhandan.tv video)
The most important part of the shirt is a mixture of phase transition materials consisting of a mixture of polymers and table salt, which are non-toxic substances, which have been certified as standard compounds in the three most demanding markets, namely the US, EU, and Japan. , with cooling function, mounted on the front and back of the shirt. The gel bag is specially designed, the honeycomb structure helps to reduce the direct contact between the body and the material to increase the heat retention time, prolong the saturation temperature range. When the shirt is cool, you can clean and disinfect the surface of the shirt with alcohol, then leave it in the freezer for about 4 hours for the next use. The shirt has a total weight of 1.7kg, capable of keeping heat for 3 hours.
From the end of August to November, 4,260 shirts were handed over to doctors and nurses from nearly 50 hospitals in Covid-19 hotspots in Ho Chi Minh City, Dong Nai, Binh Duong, and Bac Ninh. Lieu, Soc Trang, Kien Giang, Cai Lay, Da Nang, Ha Tinh, Nghe An, Hai Phong, Hanoi. With this technology, the product can be applied in specific fields of labor activities, working under hot weather such as the field of bridges and roads, construction, environment; waste treatment; welding; mining, mining; blasting, breaking rocks; outdoor high-intensity sports; technology motorbike taxi… The product is being proposed to support the supporting industry program (Department of Industry, Ministry of Industry and Trade) for completion and commercialization.
By admin
|
News & Events
|
5595 Views