The signing ceremony of a cooperation agreement between the University of Technology and the National Chunghwa University, Taiwan
On March 20, the signing ceremony of a cooperation agreement on scientific research and training between UET and National Chunghwa University, Taiwan was held. Chao Han Chieh – Principal with Prof. Ma Yuan Ron – Dean of the Faculty of Physics, Deputy Head of International Relations.
Attending the ceremony, there was Prof. Dr. Nguyen Viet Ha – Principal, Assoc. Prof. Dr. Pham Bao Son – Vice Rector; Assoc. Prof. Dr. Tran Xuan Tu – Head of Science, Technology and Environment Department; Representatives from the Faculty of Information Technology, Faculty of Mechanics and Automation, Faculty of Electronics and Telecommunications, Faculty of Engineering Physics and Nanotechnology welcomed the delegation.
Before the two sides exchanged specific fields of cooperation in scientific research and training, Rector Nguyen Viet Ha and Rector Chao Han Chieh signed a cooperation agreement on exchange of cadres , lecturers and students in scientific research and training; consider opening a joint research center.
At the signing ceremony, Prof. Chao Han Chieh gave a brief overview of the history and development of Chunghwa University and at the same time, after listening to representatives of faculties, presenting the main research directions of each department. He recognized the potential for large cooperation between both universities. The two universities can jointly organize seminars on science and technology, training to provide opportunities for lecturers, scientists and students exchange academic and experience sharing.
In the discussion and exchange part, Prof. Ma Yuan Ron shared a deep impression of the outstanding scientific achievements of the University at the meeting and work with the University in 2017. Since then, GS said the two sides can cooperate closely. In the field of supercapacitors and magnetic materials, applications in the field of nanotechnology, cooperative training of trainees, doctoral students in the field of nanotechnology and fields are strengths of the two universities in scientific research.
The event of UET and Chunghwa University celebrated the signing ceremony of a cooperation agreement on scientific research and training, demonstrating the solid friendship between Taiwanese and Vietnamese partners. This is also part of the general plan to promote the cooperation in scientific research and training of the school.
Chunghwa University (http://www.ndhu.edu.tw), Taiwan was established in 1994. At present, the University has 10,000 students, of which 65% are students and 35% are high students. The university also educates 35 majors, 48 ​​master’s programs, 17 doctoral programs. In 2018, Chunghwa University ranked 201-250 in the Asia rankings, 807-1000 in the World University Rankings, Taiwan’s No. 1 Nanotechnology, Information Technology, Electronics telecommunications and top10 technology industries ranked in Taiwan.
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
5084 Views