University of Engineering and Technology presents science and technology products at the Opening Ceremony of The Internet of Things (IoT) Innovation Hub
On April 10, University of Engineering and Technology participates in displaying 02 stalls with 04 science and technology products at the Opening Ceremony of The Internet of Things (IoT) Innovation Hub, which is held by the Ministry of Science and Technology and Sweden’s Ericsson company at Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park, Hanoi.
The inauguration ceremony of the IoT Innovation Hub was attended by Mr. Chu Ngoc Anh, Member of the Party Central Committee, Minister of Science and Technology; Mr. Bui The Duy, Deputy Minister of Science and Technology; Mr. Denis Brunetti, Head of Ericsson Vietnam and Myanmar and Mr. Pereric Högberg, Ambassador of Sweden in Vietnam,
Assoc.Prof. Pham Bao Son, Vice-Rector of University of Engineering and Technology, Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU-UET)
. Other attendees at the launch ceremony included representatives from ICT enterprises and the Academic community, all of whom are integral partners participating in the IoT Innovation Hub activities.
Science and technology products were held at the Opening Ceremony
At the ceremony, VNU-UET organized 02 display booths with typical science and technology products. These are products that show the process of innovation, creativity, commercialization, technology transfer, start-up. The products include: FIMO Air Pollution Monitoring Network; Automated and real-time monitoring system for industrial-scale mushroom farms; a cluster of products: Wireless sensor network systems for warning landslides, Mobile weather measuring station, MotorSafe application to support motorcyclists; Smart home model.
In addition, in the framework of the opening ceremony, VNU-UET signed a
support cooperation agreement
with
the Hoa Lac Hi-Tech Park’s management board and the Ministry of Science and Technology to support the operation and development of the centre.
Vice-Rector Pham Bao Son signed cooperation programmes to boost the operations of the hub at the launch ceremony.
Speaking at the signing ceremony, Minister of Science and Technology Chu Ngoc Anh emphasized: IoT was the foundation of Industry 4.0 and the hub would provide innovative platforms to support businesses as well as create a favorable environment for young people to study, create and acknowledge latest trends in IoT.
According to Minister of Science and Technology Chu Ngoc Anh, with the
help and cooperation of Ericsson Group and the Swedish Government ,
the
IoT Innovation Hub will help connect and provide platforms to support innovation in startup firms, as well as create a learning environment for tech-savvy youngsters.
K
ey activities of the IoT Innovation Hub also announced at the launch ceremony  include training workshops and the ‘IoT Innovation Challenge’ contest. The Challenge encourages innovative ideas amongst students, researchers and start-ups to develop practical IoT applications and use cases in order to accelerate industry digitalization and transformation in Vietnam. Selected IoT innovation ideas will be incubated at the IoT Innovation Hub to assist in developing commercial ready products that will be demonstrated at Techfest Vietnam in November 2019.
The establishment of the IoT Innovation Hub follows the Strategic Innovation Partnership Agreement signed by Mr. Denis Brunetti, Head of Ericsson Vietnam and Myanmar and H.E. Mr. Chu Ngoc Anh, Minister of Science & Technology in Vietnam in November 2018. The establishment of the IoT Innovation Hub will provide the innovation platform that will support start-ups and promote innovation-based entrepreneurship, serving as a learning & education platform as well as a Research and Development (R&D) platform that focuses on accelerating Vietnam’s advancement in IoT and Industry 4.0. The agreement is symbolic in that it marks 50 years of bilateral ties between Sweden and Vietnam.
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
Cooperation
.
News & Events
|
4617 Views