Training Department
1. Functions:
counsel and assist the Rector on the construction and management of training programs; recruiting and implementing training at all levels.
2. Missions:
Recruitment: Developing enrollment projects, plans and methods of promotion, admission counseling; Effectively organizing the admission counseling work, receiving applications; Building reliable and sustainable relationships with schools and partners; Building, managing and utilizing admission databases; Organizing entrance exams/ other admission methods.
Learning programmes and materials: Developing planning work and open projects for training majors, graduation standards and implementing quality assurance conditions; Updating and adjusting graduation standards and training programs; Deploying and managing learning materials (outline, lectures, textbooks, e-lectures, course website …)
Training: Developing a training plan for the whole course and school year; Managing general knowledge courses; Coordinating the assignment of teaching general knowledge courses; Making a timetable; Organizing course registration; Implementing internship and practical activities for students; Monitoring teaching and learning work in general; Implementing academic counseling; Acquiring statistics of training activities for the calculation of normal costs and support funds for participants; Managing information of invited lecturers; Pioneering in innovating teaching activities.
Organizing examination and evaluation: Organizing the final exam of the course; Managing exams and course results; Acquiring statistics on the performance of tasks related to exam organization; Periodically evaluating graduation standards; Managing and backing up training data on software systems.
Graduation work: Organizing graduation thesis defense; evaluating and granting diplomas; Managing diplomas and certificates.
Academic management: analyzing and assessing academic results, counseling for learners.
Student reception: Periodically working with first-year, fourth-year classes and course staff; receiving and solving training-related problems.
Managing High quality programme Office.
Managing affiliated training programs, short-term training and other training programs.
3. Human resource:
Num
Full name
Position
Email
1
Assoc.Prof.Dr. Nguyen Phuong Thai
Head of Department
thainp@vnu.edu.vn
2
MSc. Le Thi Phuong Thoa
Deputy Head of Department
thoaltp@vnu.edu.vn
3
MSc. Vu Thi Bich Ha
Deputy Head of Department
havb@vnu.edu.vn
4
MSc. Nguyen Thi Thu Thao
Specialist
thaontt@vnu.edu.vn
5
MSc. Bui Thi Thu Giang
Specialist
giangbtt@vnu.edu.vn
6
MSc. Ta Hong Hanh
Specialist
hanhth@vnu.edu.vn
7
MSc. Vu Thi Phuong Thanh
Specialist
thanhvtp@vnu.edu.vn
8
MSc. Nguyen Ngoc Dung
Specialist
dungnn09@vnu.edu.vn
9
MSc. Chu Thi Khanh Huyen
Specialist
ctkhuyen@vnu.edu.vn
10
B. Le Ngoc Thach
Specialist
thachln@vnu.edu.vn
11
B. Nguyen Khanh Ly
Specialist
lynk@vnu.edu.vn
12
B. Do Thi Phuong Thanh
Specialist
thanhdp@vnu.edu.vn
13
MSc. Nguyen Ngoc Lam Tung
Specialist
lamtungnguyen@vnu.edu.vn
14
B. Nguyen Ha My
Specialist
mynh@vnu.edu.vn
15
B. Nguyen Khanh Duy
Specialist
duynk@vnu.edu.vn
4. Address:
Training Department: Room 105 – Building E3. Tel: (024) 3754 7865 (Undergraduate), (024) 3754 7810 (Graduate)
High quality Programme Office: Block GĐ3. Tel: (024) 3212 3017
By admin
|
Uncategorized
|
4769 Views