“UFBoot2: Improving the ultrafast bootstrap approximation” award nominee, Vietnam National University of Science & Technology, 2021
On 23/12/2021, at the Administration House of Vietnam National University, Hanoi (VNU) took place face-to-face and online meeting of the VNU Award Selection Committee in Science and Technology in 2021. This is the VNU Award to encourage and honor the works or clusters of Science and Technology (Sci &Tech) projects, held every 3 years.
VNU Vice President Pham Bao Son, Chairman of the Council, operated the meeting. Attending the session were 16 members of the Council. Speaking at the meeting, Vice President Pham Bao Son expressed his gratitude to the Professional Councils and members of the Council of VNU level for working seriously and responsibly to nominate 9 projects participated in the Awards. These are works that have been evaluated by the Professional Council as having outstanding achievements in scientific research, contributing to building an academic environment and promoting the development of Sci &Tech potential and affirm VNU’s position in the system of higher education institutions and science & technology organizations of the country. The Vice President acknowledged and highly appreciated the research efforts of scientists participating in this Award.
The works are grouped by areas of expertise: Information and Computational Sci &Tech, Materials and Energy Sci &Tech, Life Sci &Tech, Earth and EnvironmentalSci &Tech, Education Science and Technology, Management Science and Economics, Social and Behavioral Sciences, Humanities and Arts.
In 2021, the Professional Councils nominated 9 works, of which the project “UFBoot2: improving the ultrafast bootstrap approximation” by Assoc. Prof. Dr. Le Sy Vinh, Faculty of Information Technology (University of Technology) was shortlisted. books recommended by the Board.Starting in 2018, the author group includes members Assoc.Prof.Dr. Le Sy Vinh, Dr. Hoang Thi Diep and Dr. Bui Quang Minh and his colleagues at the Center for Integrated Bioinformatics (CIBIV, University of Vienna, Austria) published their work in the journal Molecular Biology and Evolution. Up to now, it has reached more than 2,000 citations in international journals and is the most cited work in VNU. That shows that the work has scientific and practical significance for the research community in the field of evolution and molecular biology. In 2019, the work was selected by the editorial board of MBE magazine to be on the list of MBE Citation Classics 2019. In 2020, the MBE Emerging Classics 2020 magazine selects the work to honor publications that have had a high impact on the international community on evolutionary research.
The VNU-level Award Council, based on the recommendations of the Professional Council, discussions and objective and scientific evaluations of its members, selects a maximum of no more than 05 scientific and technological works with more outstanding results to be awarded. VNU Award for Science and Technology in 2021.
We will continue to update information about this Award in the next news.
According to PV – VNUMedia
By admin
|
News & Events
|
4931 Views