VNU-UET Postech and Samsung display Vietnam (SDV): cooperation in training, scientific research and high quality human resources provision
On September 9, 2020, VNU University of Engineering and Technology, Pohang University of Science and Technology (POSTECH) and Samsung Display Vietnam (SDV) (under Samsung) signed a memorandum of understanding to effectively exploit the strengths of each party at JW Marriott Hotel Hanoi.
The signing ceremony of the cooperation agreement was taken place successfully
On the side of the University of Engineering and Technology, there were Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh – Vice Rector, Assoc. Prof. Dr. Tran Xuan Tu – Head, Department of Science, Technology and International Relations and representatives of other departments and faculties. On the side of Samsung Display (SDC), there were Mr. Lee Dong Hoon – CEO, Mr. Choi Weon Woo – Director-General of Samsung Display Vietnam (SDV), Mr. Lee Jinsoo – Deputy Director-General of SDV. On the side of Pohang University of Science and Technology, there were Prof. Kim Moo Hwan – President, Prof. Cho Gil Won – Director of SDC Research Center
The parties are to cooperate in training, scientific research and providing high quality human resources in order to create opportunities for excellent students to receive scholarships to attend advanced training and research programs. Each year, VNU UET will send a group of selected students to Pohang University of Science and Technology to study and carry out research activities. These students are sponsored to study and research from six to twelve months by SDV and they are committed to working for the company for at least 2 years after the training completion. The MOU will become effective from September 1, 2020 to February 29, 2024.
Appreciating the cooperation with Samsung Display Vietnam and Pohang University of Science and Technology, VNU-UET Rector Chu Duc Trinh said that, to date, VNU UET and Samsung Display Vietnam had cooperated in training high-quality human resources, scientific research and staff recruitment. In particular, the university has conducted a number of short-term courses for Samsung Display Vietnam’s engineers in the fields of Electronic Engineering, Computer Engineering, and Information Technology.
Vice-Rector Chu Duc Trinh delivered a speech at the signing ceremony
Expressing his impression with the construction and development model of POSTECH, Prof. Dr. Chu Duc Trinh emphasized that VNU UET and POSTECH were long-term partners in student exchange and science and technology development. POSTECH is a model from which VNU UET learns a lot in its development process. This is the foundation for the two parties to effectively promote various bilateral cooperation activities.
Also at the MOU signing ceremony, Mr. Kim Moo Hwan – POSTECH Rector, highly appreciated the capacity of VNU UET students in particular and Vietnamese students in general and stated that POSTECH would create favourable conditions for the development of high quality human resources in the future.
Mr. Weonwoo Choi, Director-General of Samsung Display Vietnam, believes that this MOU is the premise for the parties to implement more in-depth, practical and effective cooperation activities in various fields.
Mr. Choi Weon Woo spoke at the signing ceremony
(UET-News)
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
|
Tags:
POSTECH
,
SDV
4114 Views