OPENING International Conference on Computing in Materials Science 2018
On September 08, in the joyful atmosphere of the beginning of the new school year 2018-2019, the University of Engineering and Technology (VNU) held the opening ceremony of the International Conference on Computing in Materials Science (ACCMS – TM) 2018 at the Sunwah Hall.
Attending the conference on VNU is Prof.Dr. Nguyen Huu Duc – Deputy Director, Prof. Dr. Nguyen Dinh Duc – Head of Training Committee, Assoc. Vu Van Tich – Head of Science and Technology. UET have Dr. Nguyen Anh Thai – Vice Rector of the school and leaders of departments in the school.
The conference was attended by 300 delegates and 200 scientific papers by scientists
The conference took place from September 7 to September 09 with the participation of 300 delegates and 200 scientific reports from scientists from Japan, South Korea, China, Taiwan, India and Singapore. , Malaysia, Thailand, Philippines, USA, Germany, France, England and Vietnam. Mean while, more than 80 delegates were foreigners, with three Plenary Speakers, 39 Invited Speakers, 39 Oral Reports and 115 Poster Reports with a list of 474 authors and co-authors.
The conference attracted by many international speakers
The ACCMS Conference is a large conference held in many countries such as Japan, South Korea, China, Russia, India, Malaysia, … and this time is honored to be held at UET, VNU. Report topics are not limited to multi – scale modeling and simulations (accounting for 20%), but also for nanostructure materials, materials for energy storage and conversion (15%), composite and functional materials and structures (20%) among other fields. The quality of the reports that are assessed through abstract is fairly high, with topical research and high applicability.
Prof. Dr. Nguyen Dinh Duc mentioned the new point of this conference
Speaking about the new point of this conference, Prof. Dr. Nguyen Dinh Duc – Chairman of ACCMS TM 2018 Conference, Head of the organizing committee said: “The conference has appeared new research related to simulation and application. Intelligent materials, not only calculated in materials but also in structural calculations, durability studies, stability, static and dynamic behavior, etc. Reports The conference will be considered for publication on special issues of prestigious international ISI magazines. Especially the presence of over 40 invited reports of famous professors in the world. This shows the attractiveness and prestige of the conference as well as the maturity and prestige of Vietnamese scientists in the field of materials science with the international scientific community. ”
Deputy Director of VNU Nguyen Huu Duc confirmed that the conference has the significance of promoting
international exchange in the field of materials science
Confirming the significance of ACCMS conference, Deputy Director of VNU Nguyen Huu Duc shared, ACCMS-TM Conference is a large conference aims to promote international exchange of ideas and advances in materials science. calculate. This year’s theme, “Nanotechnology Applied in Sustainable Development,” is a topic that is important in the development and integration of national science and technology. The conference is not just an occasion. Local scientists will meet and exchange with the world’s leading scientists in the field of specialization, thereby contributing to promoting new and modern research directions in Vietnam. Given by the urgency of the discussion topic together with the pioneering orientation in research and knowledge transfer of VNU, it is hoped that the conference will be the place to announce and share new research on nanomaterials and applications. Its use in sustainable development contributes to enhancing the prestige of VNU in the international scientific community. ”
This conference is especially meaningful because it is a rare opportunity for Vietnamese scientists to have the opportunity to meet and exchange with the world’s leading scientists. Thereby contributing to promoting new and modern research directions not only in Vietnam, but also in the world.
Press information:
+Dan tri Electronic media
+Vietnamese Journal of Science and Technology
By KHCN&HTPT
|
News & Events
.
Uncategorized
|
4579 Views